+++
date=2025-07-24

[extra]
song_title="Pretty Privelege"
song_url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXFdPQdk8Xw&pp=ygUOcHJldHR5IHF1YWRlY2E%3D"
+++
A lot of the way that I understand the world is piecing things together as if you were explaining them to an incredibly distrustful audience. I can't trust myself to actually be able to remember (prove to the audience) what happened, so everything needs to be explained in terms of what most likely happen; what makes the most sense to have happened.

I'm honestly devastated that I seem to have lost last night's journal entry. From what I can recall, which is unfortunately not much, I talked about how I feel about Ella from Hinge. I know the song I attached to the entry was [Candy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtOu9QY9P64).

I feel like there is something inherently unattractive about being a man. I've always assumed that it's a standard thing to feel; often the lines get blurred between honest conversation about patriarchy and dismissal of the feelings of men. Ironically, it's the patriarchy which enforces this ignorance to true pain felt by men. Regardless, I figured this idea that there is something off putting about being a man, something that needs to be overcome to be able to feel welcome by people, is something felt by most men. I still believe this, but Victoria seemed to be quite skeptical of that, saying that she would be surprised if any of her (male) friends felt the same or similar. Victoria said without saying that maybe it's a little trans thing and not a men thing.

Before I move onto how I feel about Ella, I'd like to make a point about timelines and emotions. I feel like it's almost expected that, when talking about experiencing something you never had before, you politely excuse yourself for your inexperience. A disclaimer of "admittedly, I don't know what any of this really means" is what people want. Maybe. Whether this is a real thing or not, I believe it to be more true to the emotions to refrain from excusing yourself. These are meant to be enjoyed and shared in their truest form. The understanding is important to learn from them and grow from, but first you need to feel and express what it means before you understand.

She makes me want in a way I've never felt before. She can make me feel pretty just the way I want to. She seems exciting, but solidly grounded. I know I had more to say, and a lot of what I've already said yesterday has been lost, but I hope this connection isn't exclusive to talking over text. The anticipation kills me.

It's disturbing that I honestly don't even know she's real. All signs point to yes, but this GPT shit is getting loopy.
