+++
date=2025-07-22

[extra]
song_title="Cellphone Says"
song_url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTTR2X0Wn1Q&pp=ygUOY2VsbHBob25lIHNheXM%3D"
+++
It's been a good day back. After having spent all yesterday telling myself that today would be an explosive start to my recovery, it feels a little hollow to celebrate. I didn't spend eight hours working on projects, but I did spend a solid four. I didn't prepare any food for my Hinge date, but I did cook dinner for myself and Cady. I didn't do a lot of the things I wanted to do today, but I am proud of myself for the ones I did.

I've always found it so easy to criticize myself for every little mistake I make, but I've somehow found myself in the habit of dismissively forgiven myself for not working towards the things that are truly important in my life. In the past few months, I've neglected most of my friendships, I've dropped out of school, I've quit Skintight, and I've quit my internship. I felt so incapable of doing what I need to that I've let myself get away with dropping the bar completely and never bothering to pick it back up.

I can only imagine myself letting go of it tomorrow, but I suppose I probably need to believe in myself if I'm ever going to get anywhere.

On another note, I want to have sex so bad, man. Being shown direct attention on Hinge rather than just hearing about it through Cady has done wonders for me, both good and bad. I no longer think I'm asexual, but I suppose that's neither of the two. I really am happy to be out there meeting women. Even though I've yet to meet up with any, I have a date lined up and it seems like I have a couple more people potentailly interested. I have so little experience talking to women romantically outside of relationships, and I feel like this is good for me to gain a little comfor in that area. However, I also do find myself increasingly checking it throughout the days I've had it. It's a little alarming how quickly I seem to be getting involved deeper with Hinge. I do trust myself to make the right decisions with this. I'm looking forward to the date this Friday not only for getting to hang out with a pretty girl, but also to make dating apps more tangible.

Regardless, I'm going to smoke some more weed tonight (boo) and then brush my teeth before bed (yay). Goodnight <3
